[clr] SWDEV-566950 - Adding changelog for 7.2 (#1891)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/clr/CHANGELOG.md

    - `hipLibraryGetKernelCount` gets kernel count in library
    - `hipStreamCopyAttributes` copies attributes from source stream to destination stream
    - `hipOccupancyAvailableDynamicSMemPerBlock` returns dynamic shared memory available per block when launching numBlocks blocks on CU.
* New HIP flags
    - `hipMemLocationTypeHost`, enables handling virtual memory management in host memory location, in addition to device memory.
    - Support for flags in `hipGetProcAddress`, enables searching for the per-thread version symbols.
      - `HIP_GET_PROC_ADDRESS_DEFAULT`
      - `HIP_GET_PROC_ADDRESS_LEGACY_STREAM`
      - `HIP_GET_PROC_ADDRESS_PER_THREAD_DEFAULT_STREAM`

### Resolved issues

> * Made correction in the calculation for the value of maximum shared memory per multiprocessor, in HIP device properties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Corrected the calculation of the value of maximum shared memory per multiprocessor, in HIP device properties. 
```

Author: Thanks. Updated.
